.
[gunshots]
- [gasps]
- I saw you had a choice.
You could have gotten
to Corey,
but you went
for the other man.
Why?
- Mom, is everything okay?
- Everything's fine, baby.
- If I would have got to him
sooner, would he have survived?
- Yes.
- You save who you can save.
Let it be done now.
- I just feel like
I made the wrong choice.
- Your regret,
it'll swallow you whole.
[somber music]
♪
[phone buzzing]
- What's up, Sarge?
Copy that.
No, I'm close.
I'll start it up.
- Hey.
Is Intelligence taking this?
- Mm-hmm. What we got?
- Oh, it feels the same as
the other three burglaries
we've had this month.
Three-man crew, masked up, in
and out in under five minutes.
Neighbor's security
cam caught it.
Only difference is,
this one comes with a body.
That's your homeowner
right there.
- What's the homeowner's name?
- Phoebe Thompson.
- Appreciate that.
Ms. Thompson, how we doing?
I'm Officer Atwater.
Is it okay if I ask you
a few questions?
All right.
This is your residence, right?
- With my husband.
He's on his way.
- Okay, well, do you mind
telling me what happened?
- My work is close, so I
ran home to let the dog out.
He's a puppy, so we crate him
during the day and--
found Marcela.
And I think I screamed.
I backed out, and I ran out.
- Marcela?
Who is she?
Is she a friend of yours?
- She's our cleaning lady.
I told her she could come by.
Oh, God, if I had
told her not to, she--
- Ms. Thompson,
Ms. Thompson, it's okay.
All right? Breathe.
There you go.
There's no way
you could have known.
All right?
You sit here
as tight as you can.
I'm gonna go
take a look inside.
And I'll come back and check
on you in a little bit, okay?
Can you make sure
Ms. Thompson is okay?
Appreciate you.
Hey, we cleared the house?
- We cleared the house
on arrival.
They got no security cameras
or system.
Neighbors are watching the dog.
Body's down there.
- [exhales]
[suspenseful music]
♪
Hmm.
- Hey.
- Hey, how was Detroit?
- Had nothing
to do with our serial,
just another violent man,
another violent city.
How was it here?
I read the closing supp.
- Yeah,
case was cleared, closed.
- And Petrovic took a leave?
- She's figuring some things
out for herself.
- You're good?
- Work in progress.
- Huh.
- Our DOA is Marcela Del Toro.
She's the family cleaning lady.
She wasn't even supposed
to be here today.
She texted the family 2:12 p.m.
to let them know that
she'd be swinging by to pick up
an umbrella she left yesterday.
- She had a key?
- She let herself in
through the front.
Must have surprised
the offenders who came in,
because they attacked
through the back,
just like the other three
West Loop burglaries.
- Powder burns and contact
wounds suggest Marcela
was shot at close range twice.
No defensive wounds.
She was executed.
- All right, grab Patrol.
Run the canvass.
Hailey, compile a list
of all the stolen property
from the other burglaries.
You stay here with the techs.
Kev, I spotted a CTA cam at
the bus stop around the corner.
Why don't you see
what it caught?
- Okay, I'm on it.
[indistinct chatter]
Mm-hmm.
That's correct.
The bus stop on the 1500 block
of North Benton.
If you can pull all of that
footage, that would mean a lot.
Mm-hmm.
What the hell, man?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's me. It's me.
Come on. Drive, Kevin.
- Butchie?
- Drive.
- The hell you
hopping in my car for
like I ain't the police?
You lost your damn mind?
- No, I ain't lost my mind.
I'm here to help you.
- What are you talking
about, Butchie?
- I got some info
on these robberies.
Bro, drive.
I can't be seen
in your car, man.
♪
.
- Get your ass out there, man.
- Okay, I heard you.
- Damn!
- All right, I get it.
I get it, I get it, all right?
I won't get in your car
like that again.
You want the info or not?
- Last time I talked to you,
what you tell me?
"I'm never selling
another tip again, Kevin."
- Yeah, I know.
- So what we doing here?
- Look, I know there's
a crew here in the West loop.
Three guys, right?
Covered head to toe,
in and out in under five.
- What?
You know where they are?
- No, but I think
I know they fence.
- How's that?
- The usual way.
Guy's got a big mouth.
I got big ears.
- So give me a name, then.
- Nah,
I'm not doing it for free.
I wanna be on the case.
Look, I'd do the whole thing.
I wanna be
the paid CI on the file.
- I don't know, Butch.
- Look, I'm serious
this time, Kev.
It's a good tip, I promise you.
This fence, he sell
a little bit of everything.
But I heard him.
He's the one moving the goods
from the West Loop grabs.
It's a good get.
- And a manifest
of the property stolen.
The crew doesn't
have a specialty.
They'll grab anything
they can sell on the streets--
medication, high-end sneakers,
heirloom silverware, tech.
- We got any witnesses?
- No.
Latest burglary was
the same as the others--
middle of the afternoon,
work day.
Streets were empty.
- And techs didn't find
any trace evidence.
This crew, they're smart.
Besides the doorbell
cameras that caught the crew
from a distance,
we don't have much.
- CTA caught a partial.
- Okay.
- Check this out.
Oh, okay.
Two offenders fleeing
with their hands full.
Third offender keeps
the engine running.
Peels out, and they're gone.
Plates came back
stolen from Gage Park.
Already got the BOLO out.
- Well, if I were them,
I'd have dumped it
in a garage by now.
All right, let's see
if we can get the stats.
- I might have
something else too.
Old CI of mine from my
Patrol days, George Tyson III,
goes by Butchie
from the Low End.
Thinks he knows
the crew's fence.
- How long's Butchie's sheet?
- Hmm, doesn't
really have a sheet.
Tried his hand
at burglary once.
I busted him. He flipped.
- Well, you don't
wanna work with him?
- Uh, look.
First, Butchie was
a pretty solid CI.
He's a good listener.
- And then?
- Then he started getting
cold feet, backpedaling.
You know, he'll send me
a tip on Friday night.
By Saturday,
he's doing his best
to make sure that everything
he told me was wrong.
But he's a good guy.
- So why does he
wanna sell now?
- I ran him.
He's in heavy debt.
I think money's the motivation.
- Look, it's your CI.
It's your call.
Could be nothing.
Could be everything.
It's up to you if it's
worth the headache.
- Mm-hmm.
That's him. Terrence Hayes.
He's an odd dude,
but he a good fence.
Trusted. Keeps his mouth shut.
- But he didn't this time.
- Uh-uh.
He hangs out at Covie's.
He had one too many
and started rapping
about his new payday,
this new crew
that's hitting the West Loop.
He's your in.
He's gotta know the names
of those guys.
- So he's got no current LKA,
no longer on parole.
He's gonna need a squeeze.
- Mm-hmm.
Y'all got
a social relationship?
- Yeah.
- Okay, we make the intro.
We can set it up
like a buy bust.
Lure him in with the goods,
then get him on the buy,
squeeze him up.
- Wait, what?
You want me to make the intro?
Can't you get him to cough up
the IDs by yourself?
- He's not gonna do that
without a little pressure,
Butchie.
- You the police.
Put on the pressure.
- You put on the pressure
after the intro.
You got a problem with that?
You wanna get paid
by the police, you gotta work.
Let's ride.
- Let's go.
[upbeat music playing]
♪
- Hey, you okay?
Settle down.
You'll be a'ight.
- Hyde Park.
Since when you start
living in Hyde Park?
- I don't.
- Then why are you getting
alerted to the neighborhood?
- Why you looking
at my phone, Butchie?
Dang. It's an old case.
Victims I still check on.
Just trying to make sure
everything is everything.
[tense music]
We up. Here we go.
- Hey, Terrence.
How you been, man?
- Absolutely not.
Keep walking.
- Ah, come on, man.
I just came over here
to say what's up?
Plus, look, I got somebody
that you should meet.
- Did I stutter?
Hmm? Did I?
I want you to walk away
from me before bad things
happen to you.
- What the hell is this?
- Well, it would have
been nice for Butchie
to let us know that
the man hates him.
- This dude is legit.
Plus, he can make you
some real money.
- Butchie, I don't give a damn.
Go away from me.
- Come on, bro.
- Hey. Let me introduce myself.
♪
Hey, I'm--I heard you nice.
Trying to move something
with you.
This man told me
he can make an intro.
If he can't, then--
- Well, he can't.
So he lied.
Surprise, surprise.
My advice?
Don't trust the village idiot,
because he's an idiot.
- Big dawg. Big dawg.
Big dawg.
Listen to me.
I got some decent pieces on me
I'm trying to move for a loan.
A'ight?
I'm talking about real Rolexes.
Pawn them off to somebody else.
I'm just trying to be
a resource for you.
You can wipe the serial
numbers off if you want.
Everything I got
can sell fast and good.
- Hey, I already
learned my lesson, man.
I'm just trying to network.
♪
- You got them
on you right now?
All right, come on.
- Come on where?
- My place, upstairs.
I'm a professional.
I don't do business in public.
Let's go.
♪
- All right, family.
Let's see it.
- Okay, yeah.
You can check them out.
Tell me how you feel
and how much you think
per piece.
- [chuckles] Yeah, that depends
on if they real or not.
- If they're real or not.
[laughs] Who you think
you're talking to?
- Go sit over there.
- Cool, cool.
♪
- You good?
Relax, relax, relax.
- Hey, um,
hey, you got papers for these?
- Papers?
No, I ain't never
needed no papers before.
- No, absolutely not.
Can't do it.
- Wait, what?
- No.
I don't play with new pieces
that ain't got no papers.
Unless you both
wanna come with me
to get them authenticated
by a dealer?
Hmm?
- Come on.
- Hmm?
Exactly what I thought.
- What if you just
move them fast?
Hurry up, get them out there.
- They're too hot, bro.
All right, y'all gotta go.
- You moved stuff
hotter than this before.
- The two of you raising
your voices, you better
take that bass out your voice.
- Naw, man.
You selling the crews
that are killing people.
- What's your problem?
[both shouting]
Get off me, bro.
- Everybody relax, okay?
Calm down.
Just chill.
We don't even need Butchie.
Let's get him out the equation.
Butchie, you can go.
You feel me?
This is between me
and you, big dawg.
Like, I'm looking
at this stuff.
- I need you to come
back over here, bro.
- I'm the one trying
to make the deal.
- That's our go word.
- Well, we can do it
with all kinds of stuff.
- I need you to come back
over here.
- One on one,
me and you can just
have a private conversation.
- I need you
to come back over here.
You hear me?
- Listen, man.
- Close the door.
You're moving all
around my vicinity.
[grunting]
- Chicago PD!
- Stop fighting.
- Give me your hands.
Behind your back.
- All right!
- I got him.
Hands behind your back.
- I got a gun.
- Take it easy.
- Up.
♪
.
- [sighs]
Thank you.
Terrence really gone?
- You mind explaining to me
what the hell just happened?
- What?
- You got Terrence Hayes,
didn't you?
You got all this
stolen property?
- That man obviously got
a beef with you, dawg.
Why didn't you tell me that?
- Because he don't.
- Did that seem
friendly to you?
He obviously got a problem.
He said you been talking
about his business.
- What? Naw.
Come on, man.
He talking about
the night that he was
running his mouth at Covie's.
Look, I was trying to get
the names of the crew,
and he got angry.
- It didn't occur
to you to tell me that?
- No.
I thought that if I got the
names, I could get paid more.
That's all it was.
- [groans]
- I mean, wait,
we good, though, right?
I did my part.
- You did your part,
and you're gonna get paid.
- No, come--
no, you know that's not
what I mean, man.
I didn't mean to screw it up.
I'm--okay.
I really need this one
to work out, man.
I'm sorry.
We good?
- Yeah, all right.
Let's get you home, man.
- All right.
Yeah.
[phone chimes]
- [exhales]
- Chanel handbag,
stolen on North Bishop,
found in your apartment.
2 1/2 carat diamond brooch.
Townhouse on Herbert.
Travis Scott Jordan Retro 6s.
I can keep going.
Okay, 3 Waterford Crystal.
- I'm a salesman.
I sell goods.
I don't steal them.
I have nothing for you.
- I understand.
You just make money
off stealing, off murder.
- What are you talking about?
[tense music]
♪
- I need you to look at that.
That woman was murdered
from the last burglary
you bought from.
So this ain't about handbags
or gym shoes no more.
I wanna know who
pulled the trigger.
- Don't do that. Don't do that.
I wasn't even there.
I sell goods.
- Somebody's gotta be
held accountable, Terrence.
Right now, you the best I got.
Unless you give me a name.
- I have nothing for you.
- Oh, yes, you do.
'Cause somebody sold you
those goods, didn't they?
Am I right?
Would I be wrong for pressing
your ass into the ground
with all those charges?
Give me a name.
- All right.
The only name
I know is Mark Young.
- Mark Young, who's that?
- He's--he's a kid.
He sells me the goods.
He likes to tell me
where they're from.
But as far as I know,
he's just a middleman.
- Mark Young, 22.
Guy's not old enough
to rent a car,
but he's been popped
three times for petty theft
and once for possession
of stolen property.
- He's 5'11", 180.
Height and weight aren't a bad
match for our first offender.
- It's close.
Terrence could be right.
Kid could just be a cutout.
- Well, look, this kid is
either part of this crew
or he can lead us to them.
We have enough?
- No, none of his prints pop
on any of the stolen merch.
Terrence can't actually
put him at the scene.
I mean, if we went
and grabbed him up right now,
he'll just act dumb.
- All right, so let's get more.
Kim, enhance all the footage.
Try to firm up Mark Young's ID.
Kev, set up on Young's house.
Maybe we get lucky.
[phone buzzing]
- Yo, Aubrey, what's the word?
- Hey, Jonathan Westbrooke?
He got in a fight.
He's about to be expelled.
- Man, that kid just
lost his father.
Aubrey, you know,
it's all kind of stuff
going on with that boy.
- Man, my hands are tied.
You want more, you gonna have
to get down here.
- I can't get down there.
I'm in the middle of a case.
- I'll do what I can,
but I can't do much.
[phone buzzes]
- Hey, you got
movement at Young's?
- Nope, not yet.
I'm not there.
Uh, I gotta handle something
real quick, Burgess.
Can you cover me at Young's?
- Uh, yeah. I mean, I can.
But, Kev, I'm, like,
15 minutes out.
What's going on?
Everything okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
I just gotta take care
of something.
Just get there as quick
as you can for me.
- Yeah, okay.
I'm leaving now.
- Okay.
A precursor to
further violence?
How could you possibly
know that, sir?
You said it yourself.
They were on the court.
They were playing hard.
Things got out of hand, right?
He's grieving.
You need to be offering him
help, not expelling him.
What is this?
- We have a policy.
Two strikes and you're out.
- Well, write this down.
Can you write this down?
Can you give me something
to write on, Aubrey?
Thank you.
52784.
That's my badge number, sir.
Let the record show
minimum punishment
was recommended from Officer
Atwater from Chicago PD.
Put it on me.
If anybody has--
- Come right in,
Mrs. Westbrooke.
- If anybody starts
hollering about the policy,
then it's my fault.
Does that make sense?
Are we good?
[suspenseful music]
♪
[phone buzzes]
- Kev, you got ears in?
- Yeah, I was just
calling you back, Burgess.
What's up?
- We have a problem.
I just pulled up
to Mark Young's house
and got an in-service call.
West Loop, burglary,
North Paulina and Ashland.
- Okay, okay.
I'm close to that.
- Good, because I'm not.
Mark Young could be hitting
a house right now, Kev.
♪
[gunshot]
[person screams]
- Stop, police!
- Get out the way.
Chicago PD!
[gunshots]
- Please, stop it!
Help me!
- Let her go!
- I'll shoot this bitch!
- No!
[screams]
- Get the lady!
- I got her!
[gunshots]
50-21 David.
Shots fired by the police.
I got an offender down.
Roll an ambo.
- Copy, 50-21 David.
Ambo en route.
♪
.
- Squad lost the car.
They're in the wind.
- Was he coming from home?
- I think so, yeah.
Plate readers picked
up the Nissan, like,
two blocks from his house.
Hey, I said I'd cover for you.
I will cover.
- No, it's on me.
I got it.
- Where were you?
- I had to make a stop.
- What stop is more
important than getting
eyes on our offender?
- I was at Davis Magnet School
with Jonathan Westbrooke.
You know how his father
was killed.
Remember the kid?
- Yeah, I remember.
- He had his second fight.
They considered that
his last offense.
They were about
to expel that boy.
I had to go up there to try
to talk them down real quick.
I can step off the case.
- No, I want you
to do your job.
Just find the lead.
Make it right.
[pensive music]
♪
- All right.
- Hey, I'm sorry.
I just seen your text
five minutes ago.
What's going on?
- I need you to take a look
at this picture right quick.
You know that guy?
- This guy is part of the crew?
You sure?
- Yes, I'm sure.
I just killed him on the
scene of a home invasion.
He's definitely
part of the crew.
His name is Mark Young.
You ain't never
seen him around?
- No.
- He's actually
the cat that was
selling the goods to Terrence,
so he probably came
into the Covie.
I got authorization.
I could double your pay.
I just need you
to give me a solid lead.
- I don't know him, for real.
- Same pattern again--
no one was home,
crew was covered,
no DNA at all.
- And the stolen property
was the same random collection.
- And nothing on
the getaway car yet.
- Oh, and I spoke
to Ballistics.
The gun recovered
with Mark Young's body--
the one he fired at Kev--
was not the weapon used
to murder Marcela Del Toro.
- All right, so odds are,
whoever shot her
is still out there
running free.
And we got nothing else?
- No, I got nothing.
- Hey, it's not much,
but in the hours before each
of the West Loop robberies,
Mark Young used
his credit card at the same bar
on 8th Street, Bob O'Malley's.
- I know that place.
Kevin and I used
to hit it on patrol.
It's got no cameras,
off the books.
I mean, if you're in the game,
that's the place to be.
- According to Young's
credit card statement,
he's buying the rounds,
three of everything.
- So you think
he was with the crew?
- It's a long shot,
but could be.
- Right now,
all we got is long shots.
Let's stake out O'Malley.
[upbeat rock music playing]
♪
- [sighs]
- Yeah?
- Whiskey, neat.
- Mark Young.
You know him.
We see him in here
all the time.
[tense music]
Look, he's a young kid.
I just need to know who
he's been coming in with.
- I don't know.
- Yes, you do.
Look, I seen you
talking to Young.
Come on, man.
Don't play dumb with me.
I know you know who
I'm talking about.
- Screw you, man.
- Butchie!
What's going on, man?
I didn't know I was gonna
see you up in here.
I hope you don't mind.
Man, come over here.
Holler at me.
What the hell you got going on?
What you doing, Butchie?
- Get off me. Get off me!
- What you wanna do?
You remember looking me
dead in my face,
telling me you didn't know
who Mark Young was?
So how come you were in the bar
asking about Mark Young?
What are you doing?
I ain't ask you that
to hear myself talk.
You lied to me.
What you lie to me for?
♪
All right.
At this point, I'm about ready
to turn your ass around
and slap these cuffs on you,
fam.
- Man, I lied
because I wanted the names.
- But why would
you want the names?
That's all
I'm trying to ask you.
I don't--I don't
understand that.
What am I missing, Butchie?
Hmm?
Why would you possibly
need the names before me?
- Because they
killed my cousin.
♪
.
[train rumbling]
- Well,
tell me everything, Butch.
Talk to me.
Don't leave nothing out,
because I can't
get my ass handed to me again.
- Okay, all right.
My little cousin Marcus,
he was working for them.
- Your little cousin Marcus
was working for the crew?
- Yeah.
Before they was
hitting the West Loop,
they was hitting Wilmette.
You know, gas stations,
convenience stores.
I--I never knew
any of their names.
I swear to God, I didn't.
But Marcus was a good kid, man.
He was real good, Kevin,
until he met these guys.
All right?
Now--and I could tell.
You know, I could see that he
was really getting into it,
so, you know, I cut him off.
You know, I told him,
I said, it's me or them.
And I thought that would work.
I thought he'd be done with it.
He was--he was like a little
brother to me, all right?
He was all I got.
I thought he'd listen.
I didn't answer
his phone calls, his texts.
Two weeks later,
he was dead.
[somber music]
Those men,
they left him behind at a job.
So he boosted a car and crashed
it running from the police.
- So why did you want
the names before me?
- I never really lied to you
about anything else.
My cousin's--
- The names, Butch.
What were you gonna do
with the names?
- I'm not answering that.
- 'Cause you ain't no killer.
- They left him!
- Then let them go
to the penitentiary!
- The penitentiary
ain't enough!
An eye for an eye.
They took him.
They took him, and I let them.
I failed him.
- Well, I gotta
drive you home now.
There ain't gonna be no deal.
Ain't no money for you.
Let it go.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- That's what you'd do?
- I see you blink anywhere
near this case again,
I swear to God,
I will personally
take you to the penitentiary
for obstruction.
You understand that, don't you?
- Yeah.
- Butchie's cousin's name is
Marcus Fuller, 19 years old.
Died three months ago.
Crashed a stolen vehicle
running away from the police
after a robbery.
Wilmette PD did believe that
there were three other
crew members.
They were unable to identify
those crew members,
and that crew stopped
hitting Wilmette
right after Marcus died.
- And that didn't pop
in our system?
- No, for whatever reason,
Wilmette PD didn't log
into statewide.
We were able to
cross-reference Marcus Fuller
and Mark Young's contacts.
We found one common associate,
Kurt Hudson.
- Hudson was Young's cellie
in juvie.
Met Marcus at an old job.
- Hudson's got a long sheet--
robberies, AgBats.
He's 6 foot.
He's a match to our
second offender,
and his car was ID'd at Bob
O'Malley's at the same time
that Mark Young was there.
- All right.
We know his address?
- We have no LK.
We also have no ID
on the driver yet.
- We got nothing else
at the bar?
- Zero, Sarge.
- Kevin.
Visitor downstairs.
- Hmm.
[soft tense music]
♪
Ms. Westbrooke, how you doing?
- Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
You know, I've been
wondering how we suddenly
got that granite headstone in.
'Cause the monument company
had said
it would take another six
months before it showed up,
but then suddenly,
there it was one morning.
The company said that someone
had paid to have it rushed in.
- We can speak in private,
Ms. Westbrooke.
- Oh, no.
I am comfortable right here.
Then when you
showed up at my son's school,
it all made sense.
It all came together--
the funeral concierge service
that I didn't pay for,
the meals and groceries that
just showed up on my front door
with no notes, the headstone.
- Ma'am, ma'am.
- You're gonna take it!
- No.
- I don't want your charity.
- Ma'am, I am so sorry
that you are grieving,
but this is not
an appropriate way.
- I am not the one
being inappropriate.
This man right here is trying
to buy a clear conscience.
You aren't getting
absolution from me,
and you will not get it
from my son, either.
If you ever come
near my family again,
I will file
a restraining order,
and I will make sure
you lose your job.
I promise that.
♪
[phone buzzing]
- Kev?
- Hello?
What?
Where?
[tense music]
♪
Catch me up, Burgess.
- Patrol was driving by
a little while ago,
and they spotted our vehicle.
- The car from
the Marcela Del Toro scene?
- Yeah.
Patrol responded to our BOLO.
They radioed in to confirm.
They sat on it.
That's when they
heard the gunshots.
We're going up here.
- Let's go.
- So Patrol crashed
through here.
They saw an offender matching
Hudson's description to a T
run out the front.
That's Demar Warner.
He's 22. He has a sheet.
He's hooked in with Hudson.
Our best guess,
he's the getaway driver.
- Hudson's covering his tracks.
- Patrol lost Hudson
running south.
He's on foot,
so he can't be far.
- 50-21,
carjacking just occurred
six blocks from your incident.
Offender matches
your wanted, Kurt Hudson.
He took off
in a red Ford Mustang
plate 186 Charlie 77,
last seen southbound,
high rate of speed.
- Squad, send a flash message
out on the citywide.
We're gonna track him
in real time.
.
- Kev, you copy?
- Yeah, I copy. Go, Hailey.
- We got telematics
on the Mustang.
Hudson just
turned off onto Hegewisch.
Looks like he's moving
towards Meadowview Estates.
Could be his residence.
We got no address
in our file out there.
- Meadowview Estates?
I'm only four minutes out.
[engine revving]
[tense music]
♪
- There's no cameras
in the trailer park.
Hailey's got the Mustang
within a quarter mile.
Hudson's here somewhere.
- Burgess will
be here in a few.
Let's split up.
You go west. I'll go east.
If you need anything,
use the DC.
Otherwise, go dark.
- Copy.
♪
- Butchie.
Damn.
♪
[sighs]
Damn.
I got eyes on Hudson,
southeast corner of the park.
Number 461.
Butchie!
♪
Don't do it, Butchie.
Drop the gun.
Hey, you look at that gun,
I'm gonna drop your ass.
All right?
Butchie, put the gun down.
- Just go on
and get up out of here, Kev.
- You know I can't
do that, Butchie.
- What the hell is this?
- Shut up!
This ain't got nothing to do
with the police no more.
- I don't think that's your
decision to make, Butchie.
Hey, put the gun down.
Butchie, you wanna die today?
Is that what you're
trying to do?
I can't let you do this.
This ain't gonna
take the pain away.
- Yes, it will.
Yes, it will.
- It's not. It's just gonna
ruin your life, man.
- Kevin!
- Hey, I'm okay! Stand down.
Post up outside.
I got it. I got it.
Butchie,
just let me arrest this man.
He killed two people.
- I didn't kill nobody.
- Shut up!
- He killed three people, Kev.
He killed Marcus too.
Him and me.
- No.
- We killed him.
Don't let this make you into
something you ain't, okay?
All right? This ain't you.
You good, just like Marcus.
He wouldn't want you
to do this, Butchie.
Just drop the gun, man.
Yeah.
There you go. There you go.
Yeah, yeah.
We're gonna be good.
Now I'm gonna grab his gun.
Everybody's gonna
walk out of here, okay?
[gunshot]
Ah!
Damn!
[gun clatters]
- Hey, you good?
- Yeah, I'm good.
Go check him.
♪
50-21 David.
Shots fired
at Meadow Valley Estates.
I got two offenders down.
I need you
to bring in some cars.
- He's gone.
- One DOA.
- No.
I--
[crying]
♪
- How'd he find you out here?
- He heard Hudson's name
on the streets.
What are you doing here?
- Voight asked me
to talk to you.
You gonna carry this one too?
That man made his bed.
It's not on you.
- Why do we say that
so damn much,
like none of this is on us?
- Kevin,
you can't see
the Westbrookes anymore.
It is not good for them,
and it is not good for you.
It's eating you up.
- As it should.
It should.
How am I supposed
to not care, Trudy?
- Who is telling you
not to care?
You're a good cop
because you care.
Sometimes, I think you carry
so much water--
your life,
your job, your family.
And then you think
if I'm gonna stay afloat,
there is no margin for error.
But let me tell you something.
You're not a machine.
[pensive music]
There are two things
you can do with guilt.
You can let it drown you
or let it give you purpose.
- I need to figure out
how to do that.
- I'm not gonna let you drown.
No one here is.
So come on, Kev.
Come on.
♪
[tense music]
[wolf howls]